#######Linear Basics#######

Workspace setup

Add workspace
Click on your profile to go to Settings ➡ Workspace
Open the workspace switcher ➡ add accounts

Add members
Settings and go to Workspace ➡ Members ➡ Add Member

Importing issues
go to Settings > Workspace > Import/Export

Add teams
Open teams and related views in the sidebar
Hover over a team name in the sidebar and click on the more menu (...)
Go to team settings by clicking on your profile dropdown menu, selecting Settings, then scrolling to the bottom of the left sidebar to select a specific team's setting
Add new teams from the lefthand sidebar in settings

Adding private teams
go to Team settings > General and update privacy settings
To add or manage members to your private team, go to Team Settings > Members

Workflow setup
Click on your profile and select Settings to or hover over the team name and select Team settings, 
then go to Workflow to add, edit, remove, and set a default status, enable and configure auto-close and auto-archive.'

Account setup
Settings > Account > Preferences

Creating an issue
Click the New Issue button to create an issue
Click outside the new issue modal to save a draft, then click the New Issue button again to complete and save it

Parent/Child issue setup
In issue view, add sub-issues from the parent issue by clicking Add sub-issue at the bottom of the description
From lists or boards, right-click over selected issue(s) and choose Add sub-issue or Set parent issue

Creating issue templates
Click Template button in new issue modal or template icon from full issue view
Change team when creating issue to access templates
Select profile to go to Settings ➡ Team Settings ➡ Templates to create or edit templates

Projects Setup
Navigate to your workspace projects under Roadmap and your team's projects under Projects in the sidebar
Click on the project sidebar button in the top right corner to open or close the project details sidebar
Select one or multiple issues and right-click to add to a project.
Share projects with other teams by selecting the Add team button at the top of project views

Roadmap setup
Select Roadmap from the sidebar. Once enabled, it will show up under Views.
Click on the profile to go to Settings ➡ Workspace ➡ Roadmap to enable Roadmap

Add milestones
Click on the profile to go to Settings ➡ Workspace ➡ Roadmap to enable Roadmap
Select Roadmap from the sidebar and then click on Edit Milestones in the top right

Show Project details
Click on the sidebar button in the top right corner to open or close the project details sidebar

Add Project graphs
Click on the sidebar button in the top right corner to open the project details sidebar
Select Graph

Show Project documents
Open the project details sidebar to view all documents. They'll show up under resources.
Under resources, click the + button to create a document or click on a document to view it.
Select the more menu (...) to take actions once inside of a document.

Add a cycle/edit a cycle
Right-click over selected issues to add or update their cycle
Under your team views, navigate to Active to view the current cycle, Cycles to view current and planned cycles, and Archive to view archived cycles.
Select the sidebar button in the top right to open and close it when in individual cycle views
Click on your avatar or hover over the team name to go to Settings ➡ Team settings ➡ Cycles to configure settings
